Document cross-linking support (#12)
exercism/docs: product/cross-linking.md

# Cross-linking

> To allow cross-linking between documents on Exercism, a special type of Markdown link can be used. Instead of display a link to the cross-linked document, we'll render a widget that can be hovered over to show the contents of the linked document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To allow cross-linking between concepts and exercises on Exercism, a special type of Markdown link can be used. Instead of display a link to the cross-linked item, we'll render a user-contextual widget, that shows that concept or exercise with its icon, user-specific status (unlocked, completed, etc), and which provides a tooltip.
```

### Link to: Concept

Link format: `[concept:<track-slug>/<concept-slug>]()`

Example:

```markdown

> A ternary expression is an alternative to [concept:ruby/if-statements].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A ternary expression is an alternative to [concept:ruby/if-statements]().
```
